Game Review For: Final Fantasy X
By: Andrew Miller

Final Fantasy X is a role-playing game developed and published by Square Soft(now Square Enix).
I have played this game multiple times and just recently played the HD remake for the Playstation 3 console.
The game has beautiful graphics, a beautiful story, lots of enemies to fight against and a conditional turn-based battle system.
My favorite mechanic of this game is the Sphere Grid. In this game you do not level up.
You earn Ability Points after each battle you win and after earning enough points you gain a Sphere Level. 
The Sphere Levels are used to move around the Sphere Grid, which is a pre-determined grid of interconnected
nodes consisting of statistic and ability bonuses. Spheres are items that are used on the grid nodes to use 
its specific function on the character. I really love this mechanic because any playable character on your team can be used 
in anyway you like. For example, the character "Yuna" is a white mage used for healing and white magic spells.However, do
to the way the Sphere Grid works, you can actually have her learn black magic or physical type battle skills or any skill you
find on the Sphere Grid after you unlock the nodes. In the beginning of the game, each character starts at their own spot on the grid.
Key Spheres are special spheres that you get in the game to unlock nodes that are locked. Their are 4 levels of Key Spheres.
Respectively they are labled as: Lv. 1 Key Sphere, Lv. 2 Key Sphere, Lv.3 Key Sphere, Lv.4 Key Sphere. Locked nodes actually stop 
a character from moving into another characters grid path. So if you want to learn other types of skills and abilitites
for a specific character or characters, then at some point you would want to use the "Key Spheres" you acquire.
You can acquire Spheres as an item drop from battles, in a treasure chest, stealing from enemies or some can only be bought.
After being introduced to the Sphere Grid, I fell in love with it. I enjoy grinding for levels, stat boosts, and items 
in a game and grinding for Spheres is a great way to boost stats at your own pace.
The game is not just a traditional turn-based RPG. It is actually referred to as a Conditional-turn based rpg.
Party members and enemies will have their turn order decided based on specific stats; however, the action taken by each character
will determine how soon they may take their next action. For example, using an item, will result in another turn sooner that using
a powerful ability. This gives me plenty of time to strategize my battle tactics.
I really enjoy the story of the game and all the games characters. I do not want to spoil the story or characters if anyone should
want to play the game. Now the enemies in my opinon were tough at times. You would want to make sure to nearly max out stats to
take on any optional bosses in the game. Which is where grinding comes into play if you like the challenge of completing
a game 100%. You don't need maxed stats for the story bosses or enemies though. 
Final Fantasy X is a game i would recommend to everyone to tryout.
 