League of Legends

My Username:HeavensGate90

I have just recently started playing league of legends. I wanted to try it out and see
what all the hype was about.I have enjoyed playing the game and look forward to 
continuing to play it.I really enjoy the graphics and how smooth and colorful they are.
I enjoy the team aspect of it because it incorporates working together and not so much
as focuses on soloing in a game, however if you choose to, then yes you can solo. 
I have only played as 1 character so far until i further
get the hang of buying items and knowing the different roles in the game. I like to play as Ashe
The frost archer because she is a ranged character and in my opinion her skills are simple and easy
to learn. When I played the game our team ended up losing.I did not screenshot the final score
page. I did screenshot a picture of my character in the bottom lane whle heading toward an enemy that was getting creep kills. 
In the game i went to the bottom lane because noone else went and i
did not want to have the whole bottom lane open. It was hard for me to control the lane alone but i did what i could.
Later on in the game after me dying while trying to hold off the enemy team from pushing the bottom lane,
some of my teammates started to come in and help but it was too late by then.
I do not remember the characters that my teammates used but i did manage to get the usernames.
These are their names: Micanunu, Jvdark84, Red Plates, GageRumo
I would recommend League of Legends For anyone to try. It can be a simple game to pass time or
it can even become something to work towards being a professional gamer with. 
It offers simple fun of beating up the bad guys or if you want to take it to the next level, 
they have lots of armor and weapons and abilities and items
you can get in battle to do character builds to play with a strategic view. 
So whether you are a hack and slash player or into strategy or into it to become a pro gamer, there
is alot of fun to be had in this game.